# WATCH COMPANY WEBSITE

## MY WEBSITE LINK :[(https://watch-web-a532f.web.app/)]

### Five Things About Watch company Website :

#### 1.Home page have a header (simple navbar), banner, products, reviews,about us and footer. On the home page, the products have a maximum of 6 items/products. Each product have a relevant name, image, short description,  a buy now button. If a user clicks on the  buy now button it will take the user to the place order page. 
#### 2.This site have another page on the top navigation bar (header) mentioning explore . Clicking on the link will take the user to the explore page. On this page, users will see all the products .  The user will see at least 10 products on this page. Each item  have a name, description, image, price and button. Once a user clicks on this button, it will take the user to the place order page. 
#### 3.The purchasepage have a private/protected route.  After login, the user will be redirected to the page he/she wanted to go to. The purchase page  displays detailed information of the item the user has clicked somewhere at the top. It will also display the user's name and email address from the login system and the user  have a field to provide address, phone number and necessary information to place the order or to complete the purchase.
#### 4.If a user is logged in, he/she will see another option on the header is called Dashboard and inside that dashboard a normal user (not an admin) will see options like pay,My Orders, Review, Logout.  The pay page  say: Payment system coming soon.If an admin logs in, he/she will not see the options that a normal user sees. An admin will see Manage All Orders, Add A Product, Make Admin, Manage Products Logout.
#### 5.On the Manage All Orders page for the admin, the logged in admin will see the orders placed by every user. If multiple users used this website to place orders, everyone's order will be displayed here. Admin can update the status of the order. At the time of placing an order, every order  have a default status: pending. On the Manage All Orders page, an admin have able to update the status of the pending to shipped status.The admin will be able to delete anyone's order here.
